PORT-6559 add guide to manage GitHub PRs (#1029)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/create-self-service-experiences/setup-backend/github-workflow/examples/manage-pull-requests.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

import PortTooltip from "/src/components/tooltip/tooltip.jsx";

# Manage GitHub Pull Requests

> In the following guide, you are going to create a self-service action in Port that executes a GitHub workflow to manage GitHub Pull Requests. This action can be used to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we are going to create a self-service action in Port that executes a GitHub workflow to manage GitHub Pull Requests. This action can be used to:
```

            exit 1
          fi

          echo "HTTP Status for $action: $result"

          if [ $result -eq 200 ]; then
            result_message="PR $action completed successfully"
          else
            result_message="PR $action failed. HTTP Status: $result"
          fi

          echo "Result for $action: $result_message"

          echo "GITHUB_ACTION_RESULT=$result" >> $GITHUB_ENV
          echo "GITHUB_ACTION_TYPE=$action" >> $GITHUB_ENV
          echo "GITHUB_ACTION_RESULT_MESSAGE=$result_message" >> $GITHUB_ENV

      - name: Notify Port
        uses: port-labs/port-github-action@v1
        with:
          clientId: ${{ secrets.PORT_CLIENT_ID }}
          clientSecret: ${{ secrets.PORT_CLIENT_SECRET }}
          operation: PATCH_RUN
          baseUrl: https://api.getport.io
          runId: ${{ fromJson(inputs.port_payload).context.runId }}
          logMessage: |
            GitHub Action result for ${{ env.GITHUB_ACTION_TYPE }} action on PR ${{ env.PR_NUMBER }}: ${{ env.GITHUB_ACTION_RESULT_MESSAGE }}
```

</details>
<br />
4. Trigger the action from the [self-service](https://app.getport.io/self-serve) page or the context menu of a Pull Request entity.

> <img src='/img/self-service-actions/setup-backend/github-workflow/examples/prMenu.png' width='100%' />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src='/img/self-service-actions/setup-backend/github-workflow/examples/prMenu.png' width='100%' border='1px' />
```

<br />
<br />

5. Choose an action to complete and execute the workflow.

> <img src='/img/self-service-actions/setup-backend/github-workflow/examples/prForm.png' width='85%' />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src='/img/self-service-actions/setup-backend/github-workflow/examples/prForm.png' width='85%' border='1px' />
```
